Why are you a bad old man again?
I'll tell you what.
The Qi family is a famous family in Jiang Province
I am a guest personally invited by Governor Xuanyuan
Dare to yell at me here
Believe it or not, I'll let you go
Why don't I remember
There are women like you among my guests
Somebody blow me out
Dare to kick me out
Don't know who I am
Governor's Palace
When?
It's your turn, you bad old man, to have the final say
Coincidentally, this Governor's Palace?
It's really up to me
See also Governor
Governor, how could you be Governor Xuanyuan?
How dare you speak out
Did the governor's guest also insult the governor?
Somebody drag him away
Governor Ben and he haven't seen you before
So I misunderstood your identity.
I apologize to him.
Yes, yes, Governor
This is a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding I didn't know you were the governor
I thought you were just a gardener
Can gardeners be bullied?
That's not what I meant.
Governor Ben lived for decades
I was insulted for the first time today.
Summer pig is my guest
You are the hat
I'll kick you out like a dog today
Either kneel for me and kneel out
roll
Can't roll
That's too many people.
Then how can I be a person in Jiangcheng in the future?
kind of
When you made Miss Xia Zhu kneel
Didn't you think of this?